The next section you're going to be building is going to be services section.
So here we're going to create our first title and actually we're going to reuse our title in the next
sections or here like for this project and or here we're going to place a fantastic mark on when this
is going to be taxed and there is going to be some other text.
And they're also going to make some hover effect.
So as you can see as I'm hovering over each and every service you can see that we're going to have a
box with some box shatter.
So let's go ahead and let's go to our index the amount and in the index age the amount we need to go
where is the about section and or here and let's say that this is going to be a services section.
So let's say we're comment services or section or Again copy and paste this on here.
And let's say end of services section.
Now what we would want or here in the section.
Well first we're going to say section with a class of services services or here now also in this section.
We're going to have like I said a title so section title.
So this is going to be that we're going to create and reuse or here let's say section on here section
title.
Now again let's create another comment and we're going to say end of section right now what we would
want in the section title sexually going to be very simple we're going to have a div with a class of
section title.
And inside there we're going to have a Heading 1 section title or here are going to be to underscore
his name on here and for the name.
In this case we're going to say services just like the name of our section or here again.
Let me get back my helmet once I save it and if I scroll down on here you can see that I have my services
title.
I want to have the section title done next.
What I actually want is the actual services and what I would want for the services first is the same
as with and about oh we're going to want a service center.
So this is going to serve here as a centering tool.
So I'm going to say ready with a class of services center here within the div..
We're going to start placing our services.
Now first let's say that this is going to be single service.
So first and foremost we're going to create each and every service.
However it's going to just make it easier whenever we are copying pasting if we're going to have or
hear these comments because we're going to make sure that we know where we are copying pasting your
service.
So these are going to be our two comments.
Now here we're going to place first an article now in this article we would want is a.
So this class is going to be like this so I'm going to say class and we're going to say services so
services and services single service.
So to all here underscores Singo on your service.
So this is going to be the end on here once we will have this article or here.
Now we want a few things.
First what I want is the icon.
So again let me just create a little bit more room for here and let's say Well here that this is going
to be the icon.
So I'm going to say this is going to be a day of with a class of what services we're here to underscores.
Single service.
And then we're going to call this icon or is this is going to be in my class and what I would want.
And this is going to be element with a class of f a s and we're going to have FAA and Kalender on recherche.
So this is going to be my fondest memory.
So if I scroll down on here this is going to be my phone right now after this Dave out one text so I'm
going to say we're heading to then we're going to have a services two underscores and single service
and we're going to call this title on here.
So this is going to be the single service title and here we're going to say this is going to be punctual
like this so we can save it and sure enough this is going to be my next story.
And then after that we will want the actual paragraph here and the last element that we are having is
going to be paired off with a class of services with two underscores.
Single service service.
And let's just say or it text and or Again let's do something like 10 words like this.
Let's say it.
And sure enough now I can see that this is going to be my text.
Now what I would want over here is I would want to create six of them so I'm going to go back over here
to the top and I'm going to select this one service and I was going to copy and paste this five times
one two three four five.
Here what we would need is actually change the values for the font.
Awesome.
So the first one was calendar check.
If we see or hear the next one is going to be a rocket.
So let's say where is the first one.
So this was a first service or it was our service single service.
Now if we would want not a calendar check but actually we would want is a rocket.
So I'm going to go back over here and we're going to write and this is going to be a rocket then we're
going to say also going to change the actual name here.
So I'm going to say that this is not going to be punctual.
This is actually going to be creativity here.
So I say this we keep on going we'll find the next one.
Next one is actually going to be a mobile one here so we're going to find where is that account there
check.
And we're going to go over here and we're going to say this is not going to be Conder check.
This is going to be immobile here and we can just check it whether we have it sure enough you can see
this is going to be mobile and out here the text is also going to change and the text actually is going
to say that this is going to be and this is going to be responsive in design.
So responsive design really does.
And once we have the mobile next one is going to be the Cong's and we're going to call this a hard work.
We're here to say that this is going to be hard work.
So Cong's you I on and on here for that text.
We're going to say hard work.
So you know like this when I say hard work order.
Now once we save this then we have development and photography.
So for that development we're going to have a laptop.
So we're here once again to lead this their check.
Let's say on your laptop like this and for the laptop we're going to say that this is going to be development
and this development and once we have the development then the last one is going to be in photography.
So I guess I'm going to say this is going to be a photography fee here and here we're going to have
a camera.
So the last one is going to be camera camera.
And once we have more here are in the exchange e-mail now we are ready to go to the main says and starts
dialing.